doc: update docs for 2.6.1 (#14941)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.6.1.rst

See :ref:`nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem` for instructions.

Modem-related libraries and versions
====================================

.. list-table:: Modem-related libraries and versions
   :widths: 15 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Library name
     - Version information
   * - Modem library
     - `Changelog <Modem library changelog for v2.6.1_>`_
   * - LwM2M carrier library
     - `Changelog <LwM2M carrier library changelog for v2.6.1_>`_

Known issues
************

Known issues are only tracked for the latest official release.
See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v2.6.1`_ for the list of issues valid for the latest release.

.. _ncs_release_notes_261_changelog:

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

Protocols
=========

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`protocol <protocols>`.

Matter
------

* Updated:

  * The default Message Reliability Protocol (MRP) retry intervals for Thread devices to two seconds to reduce the number of spurious retransmissions in Thread networks.
  * Increased the number of available packet buffers in the Matter stack to avoid packet allocation issues.

Thread
------

> * Fixed ``otPlatCryptoPbkdf2GenerateKey`` API implementation to allow a fallback to legacy MbedTLS implementation instead of returning ``OT_ERROR_NOT_CAPABLE``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed ``otPlatCryptoPbkdf2GenerateKey`` API implementation to allow a fallback to legacy Mbed TLS implementation instead of returning ``OT_ERROR_NOT_CAPABLE``.
```

Applications
============

> 

Reviewer: You might want to have some text under this heading, like under Protocols, for example. Like "This section provides detailed list of changes by application."

Matter Bridge
-------------

* Added:

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_MAX_SCANNED_DEVICES` kconfig option to set the maximum number of scanned Bluetooth LE devices.
>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_TIMEOUT_MS` kconfig option to set the scan timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_MAX_SCANNED_DEVICES` Kconfig option to set the maximum number of scanned Bluetooth LE devices.
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_TIMEOUT_MS` Kconfig option to set the scan timeout.
```

* Fixed an issue where the recovery mechanism for Bluetooth LE connections might not work correctly.

Zephyr
======

The Zephyr fork in |NCS| (``sdk-zephyr``) contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``23cf38934c0f68861e403b22bc3dd0ce6efbfa39``.

For a complete list of |NCS| specific commits and cherry-picked commits since v2.6.0, run the following command:

.. code-block:: none

>    git log --oneline manifest-rev ^v3.5.99-ncs1

Author: @anangl : Can you please confirm if the Zephyr updates are correct?

Reviewer 2: They are correct.
I think we should mention here the QSPI driver fix, see https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/14899#discussion_r1574541243.

Author: Done. Please check.

Reviewer 2: Looks good, thanks.

 To accommodate all fixes and improvements, there is a 1 kB increase in the stack usage of WPA supplicant.
 Users must increase the stack sizes appropriately in their applications.

Thread
------

* Fixed ``otPlatCryptoPbkdf2GenerateKey`` API implementation to allow a fallback to legacy Mbed TLS implementation instead of returning ``OT_ERROR_NOT_CAPABLE``.

Applications
============

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`application <applications>`.

Matter Bridge
-------------

* Added:

  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_MAX_SCANNED_DEVICES` Kconfig option to set the maximum number of scanned Bluetooth LE devices.
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_TIMEOUT_MS` Kconfig option to set the scan timeout.

* Fixed an issue where the recovery mechanism for Bluetooth LE connections might not work correctly.

Samples
=======

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`sample <samples>`.

Wi-Fi samples
-------------

* :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample:

  * Modified ``connect`` command to provide better control over connection parameters.
  * Added ``Auto-Security-Personal`` mode to the ``connect`` command.

Zephyr
======

> The Zephyr fork in |NCS| (``sdk-zephyr``) contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``23cf38934c0f68861e403b22bc3dd0ce6efbfa39``.

Reviewer 3: @cvinayak  to confirm the commit

Reviewer 4: Confirmed.

> $ git merge-base upstream/main HEAD
23cf38934c0f68861e403b22bc3dd0ce6efbfa39

See the :ref:`installation` section for more information about supported operating systems and toolchain.

Supported modem firmware
************************

See `Modem firmware compatibility matrix`_ for an overview of which modem firmware versions have been tested with this version of the |NCS|.

Use the latest version of the nRF Programmer app of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to update the modem firmware.
See :ref:`nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem` for instructions.

Modem-related libraries and versions
====================================

.. list-table:: Modem-related libraries and versions
   :widths: 15 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Library name
     - Version information
   * - Modem library
     - `Changelog <Modem library changelog for v2.6.1_>`_
   * - LwM2M carrier library
     - `Changelog <LwM2M carrier library changelog for v2.6.1_>`_

Known issues
************

Known issues are only tracked for the latest official release.
See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v2.6.1`_ for the list of issues valid for the latest release.

.. _ncs_release_notes_261_changelog:

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

> .. todo

Reviewer 5: ```
Thread: Fixed ``otPlatCryptoPbkdf2GenerateKey`` API implementation to allow a fallback to legacy MbedTLS implementation instead of returning ``OT_ERROR_NOT_CAPABLE``.
```
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/14869/files#diff-9460bd2e76b8fe433e47a738942f77d38f18d5967374101c756a015372b8cc22R98

> .. todo

Reviewer 6: I would add the following points for Matter:

* Increased the number of available packet buffers in the Matter stack to avoid packet allocation issues.
* Updated the default MRP retry intervals for Thread devices to two seconds to reduce the number of spurious retransmissions in Thread networks.
* Fixed an issue with the Matter Bridge application where the recovery mechanism for Bluetooth LE connections might not work correctly.
